Docs: Add DataFrame notice to plugin migration guide (#67947)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/migration-guide/v9.x-v10.x/_index.md

- Review the React 18 [upgrade docs](https://react.dev/blog/2022/03/08/react-18-upgrade-guide)
- Test your plugins against one of the latest [grafana-dev docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/grafana-dev/tags?page=1) (for example, [this one](https://hub.docker.com/layers/grafana/grafana-dev/10.0.0-111404pre/images/sha256-ac78acf54b44bd2ce7e68b796b1df47030da7f35e53b02bc3eec3f4de05f780f?context=explore))
- Add a comment to the [forum discussion](https://community.grafana.com/t/grafana-10-is-upgrading-to-react-18/86051) if your plugin is impacted in any way. Either to socialise the changes needed for your plugin or to reach out and ask for help yourself.

## DataFrame field values are now just arrays

> In grafana 10, the values in DataFrames are now managed as simple javascript arrays. See [epic 66480](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/66480). It is no longer necessary to wrap values in a [Vector<T>](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v9.5.x/packages/grafana-data/src/types/vector.ts) implementation. Most code targeting 9x will continue to work without any issues. In the rare case that existing code directly implements [Vector<T>](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v9.5.x/packages/grafana-data/src/types/vector.ts) rather than extending/using base classes, this should either return an array, or extend [FunctionalVector<T>](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v10.0.x/packages/grafana-data/src/vector/FunctionalVector.ts#L9). All Vector implementations have been deprecated and will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Grafana 10, the values in DataFrames are now managed as simple JavaScript arrays (see [#66480](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/66480)). It is no longer necessary to wrap values in a [Vector<T>](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v9.5.x/packages/grafana-data/src/types/vector.ts) implementation. Most code targeting 9.x will continue to work without any issues. In the rare case that existing code directly implements [Vector<T>](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v9.5.x/packages/grafana-data/src/types/vector.ts) rather than extending/using base classes, this should either return an array or extend [FunctionalVector<T>](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v10.0.x/packages/grafana-data/src/vector/FunctionalVector.ts#L9). All Vector implementations have been deprecated and will be removed in the future.
```

> When writing plugins that should run on 9x, continue to use the Vector interfaces; When targeting 10+ you can now use simple arrays rather than wrapper classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing plugins that should run on 9.x, continue to use the Vector interfaces; when targeting 10+ you can now use simple arrays rather than wrapper classes.
```

> To make this transition seamless, the ultimate javascript sin was employed: the [native Array prototype](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v10.0.x/packages/grafana-data/src/types/vector.ts) has been modified to implement Vector directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make this transition seamless, the Original JavaScript Sin™ was employed: the native Array prototype [had to be extended](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/v10.0.x/packages/grafana-data/src/types/vector.ts) with several Vector methods. We will atone and undo this in v11, when Vector interfaces and classes are removed.
```
